feat(ingest-limits): Add instance ring for service discovery (#15819)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/shared/configuration.md

      # Comma-separated list of zones to exclude from the ring. Instances in
      # excluded zones will be filtered out from the ring.
      # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.distributor.excluded-zones
      [excluded_zones: <string> | default = ""]

    # Number of tokens for each ingester.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.num-tokens
    [num_tokens: <int> | default = 128]

    # Period at which to heartbeat to consul. 0 = disabled.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.heartbeat-period
    [heartbeat_period: <duration> | default = 5s]

    # Heartbeat timeout after which instance is assumed to be unhealthy. 0 =
    # disabled.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.heartbeat-timeout
    [heartbeat_timeout: <duration> | default = 1m]

    # Observe tokens after generating to resolve collisions. Useful when using
    # gossiping ring.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.observe-period
    [observe_period: <duration> | default = 0s]

    # Period to wait for a claim from another member; will join automatically
    # after this.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.join-after
    [join_after: <duration> | default = 0s]

    # Minimum duration to wait after the internal readiness checks have passed

>     # but before succeeding the readiness endpoint. This is used to slowdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # but before succeeding the readiness endpoint. This is used to slow down
```

    # shutdown and restored at startup.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.tokens-file-path
    [tokens_file_path: <string> | default = ""]

    # The availability zone where this instance is running.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.availability-zone
    [availability_zone: <string> | default = ""]

    # Unregister from the ring upon clean shutdown. It can be useful to disable
    # for rolling restarts with consistent naming in conjunction with
    # -distributor.extend-writes=false.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.unregister-on-shutdown
    [unregister_on_shutdown: <boolean> | default = true]

    # When enabled the readiness probe succeeds only after all instances are
    # ACTIVE and healthy in the ring, otherwise only the instance itself is
    # checked. This option should be disabled if in your cluster multiple
    # instances can be rolled out simultaneously, otherwise rolling updates may
    # be slowed down.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.readiness-check-ring-health
    [readiness_check_ring_health: <boolean> | default = true]

    # IP address to advertise in the ring.
    # CLI flag: -ingest-limits.lifecycler.addr
    [address: <string> | default = ""]

>     # port to advertise in consul (defaults to server.grpc-listen-port).

Reviewer: If this defaults to `server.grpc-listen-port`, shouldn't we list the default for that port here rather than 0?
